"When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love..."  - Marcus Aurelius
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!" - David Dweck
"You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." - George Lorimer
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer
"Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life." - Germany Kent
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it." - Groucho Marx
"Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams." - Ashley Smith
"When you start to do the things that you truly love, it wouldn't matter whether it is Monday or Friday; you would be so excited to wake up each morning to work on your passions." - Edmond Mbiaka
"A ship is always safe at shore but that is not what it's built for." - Albert Einstein
"Stress is caused by being 'here' but wanting to be 'there.' - Eckhart Tolle
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." - Dale Carnegie
"Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude." - Zig Ziglar
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." - Margaret Thatcher
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." - Jim Rohn
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." - Albert Einstein
"Morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have." - Lemony Snicket
"Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day." - Dalai Lama
"Think of many things; do one." - Portuguese proverb
"One of the best pieces of advice I ever got was from a horse master. He told me to go slow to go fast. I think that applies to everything in life. We live as though there aren't enough hours in the day but if we do each thing calmly and carefully we will get it done quicker and with much less stress." - Viggo Mortensen
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." - John R. Wooden
"Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be." - Zig Ziglar
"The starting point of all achievement is desire." - Napoleon Hill
"I was thinking one day and I realized that if I just had somebody behind me all the way to motivate me I could make a big difference. Nobody came along like that so I just became that person for myself." -  Unknown
"If you don't pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves." - David Allen
"Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday." - Brian Tracy
"Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down." - Charles F. Kettering
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars." - Brian Littrell
"Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee
"The only thing worse than starting something and failing ... is not starting something." - Seth Godin
"Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again." - Richard Branson
"For fast-acting relief, try slowing down. " - Lily Tomlin
"There is more to life than increasing its speed." - Mahatma Gandhi
"It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials." - Bruce Lee
"If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six hours sharpening my ax." - Abraham Lincoln
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great." - Mark Twain
"We can easily manage if we will only take, each day, the burden appointed to it. But the load will be too heavy for us if we carry yesterday's burden over again today, and then add the burden of the morrow before we are required to bear it." - John Newton
"If you want to make an easy job seem mighty hard, just keep putting off doing it." - Olin Miller
"Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event." - Brian Tracy
"Follow effective actions with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action." - Peter Drucker
"Don't mistake activity with achievement." - John Wooden
"One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important." - Bertrand Russell
"I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." - Michael Jordan
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Show me a person who has never made a mistake and I'll show you someone who has never achieved much." - Joan Collins
"If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you'll die a lot of times." - Dean Smith
"Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work." - Stephen King
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and then starting on the first one." - Mark Twain
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." - Abraham Lincoln
"People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." - Tony Robbins
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." - Florence Nightingale
"Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"There is no traffic jam along the extra mile." - Roger Staubach
"Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly." - Stephen R. Covey
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." - Maya Angelou
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." - Pablo Picasso
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." - Ray Goforth
"Everything you want is on the other side of fear." - Jack Canfield
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Dennis P. Kimbro
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it  - teach yourself to be impatient." - Gurbaksh Chahal
"The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers." - M. Scott Peck
"For most of life, nothing wonderful happens. If you don't enjoy getting up and working and finishing your work and sitting down to a meal with family or friends, then the chances are you're not going to be very happy. If someone bases his/her happiness on major events like a great job, huge amounts of money, a flawlessly happy marriage or a trip to Paris, that person isn't going to be happy much of the time.If, on the other hand, happiness depends on a good breakfast, flowers in the yard, a drink or a nap, then we are more likely to live with quite a bit of happiness." - Andy Rooney
"Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world." - Lucille Ball
"We become what we think about." - Earl Nightingale
"I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well." - Diane Ackerman
"New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings." - Lao Tzu
"The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it." - Marcus Aurelius
"For success, attitude is equally as important as ability." - Harry F. Banks
"Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you." - Mary Lou Retton
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." - Napoleon Hill
"It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up." - Unknown
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." -  Og Mandino
"When we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure." - Peter Marshall
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Henry David Thoreau
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." - Samuel Beckett
"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - Neale Donald Walsh
"When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." - Oscar Wilde
"Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life. Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism." - David M. Burns
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"You can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable." - Deepak Chopra
"Dreams can come true, but there is a secret. They're realized through the magic of persistence, determination, commitment, passion, practice, focus and hard work. They happen a step at a time, manifested over years, not weeks." - Elbert Hubbard
"The past has no power over the present moment." - Eckhart Tolle
"The best way to succeed in this world is to act on the advice you give to others." - Unknown
"If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams." - Les Brown
"Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds." - Orison Swett Marden
"Never limit yourself because of others' limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination." - Mae Jemison
"When I'm old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say, 'Wow, that was an adventure,' not, 'Wow, I sure felt safe.'" - Tom Preston-Werner
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." - Francis Chan
"Nothing in the world can take the place of perseverance. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost legendary. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent." - Calvin Coolidge
"It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts." - Robert H. Schuller
"When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too." - Paulo Coelho
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." - Mark Twain
"A year from now you may wish you had started today." - Karen Lamb
"To laugh often and much; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children... to leave the world a better place... to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever." - Leo Buscaglia
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"It always seems impossible until it’s done." - Nelson Mandela
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." - Chris Grosser
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." - C.S. Lewis
"Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." - Aristotle
"The future depends on what you do today." - Mahatma Gandhi
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." - Henry David Thoreau
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
"Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another." - Walter Elliot
"Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." - Robert Kiyosaki
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." - William Butler Yeats
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"Fall seven times and stand up eight." - Japanese Proverb
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - Les Brown
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"The harder I work, the luckier I get." - Samuel Goldwyn
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time." - Steve Jobs
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
"Failure is success in progress." - Albert Einstein
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Confucius
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in." - Bill Bradley
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." - Confucius
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." - John Wooden
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
"Don’t count the days, make the days count." - Muhammad Ali
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein
"Do what you love and the money will follow." - Marsha Sinetar
"You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." - Michael Jordan
"Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don’t recognize them." - Ann Landers
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out." - Robert Collier
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." - Jim Rohn
"Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better." - Jim Rohn
"Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune." - Jim Rohn
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Rohn
"Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." - John Wooden
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." - John Wooden
"Make each day your masterpiece." - John Wooden
"Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you." - Unknown
"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"You don’t have to be faster than the bear, just faster than the slowest guy running from it." - Unknown
"Do one thing every day that scares you." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"A year from now you may wish you had started today." - Karen Lamb
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." - Les Brown
"Limit your 'always' and your 'nevers'." - Amy Poehler
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." - Oprah Winfrey
"Be so good they can’t ignore you." - Steve Martin
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom." - George S. Patton
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." - Henry Ford
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." - Henry Ford
"Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right." - Henry Ford
"Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one." - Bruce Lee
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk." - Mark Zuckerberg
"Stay hungry, stay foolish." - Steve Jobs
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." - Steve Jobs
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life." - Steve Jobs
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - Kenny Rogers
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
"A goal without a plan is just a wish." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." - Gloria Steinem
"You become what you believe." - Oprah Winfrey
"If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein
"An investment in knowledge pays the best interest." - Benjamin Franklin
"Energy and persistence conquer all things." - Benjamin Franklin
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." - Benjamin Franklin
"Lost time is never found again." - Benjamin Franklin
"Beware of little expenses; a small leak will sink a great ship." - Benjamin Franklin
"Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise." - Benjamin Franklin
"He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else." - Benjamin Franklin
"Well done is better than well said." - Benjamin Franklin
"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail." - Benjamin Franklin
"Out of clutter, find simplicity." - Albert Einstein
"A river that forgets its source will surely dry up." - Yoruba Proverb
"Even if a log stays long in water, it does not become a crocodile." - Yoruba Proverb
"A child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth." - Yoruba Proverb
"A bird that flies off the earth and lands on an anthill is still on the ground." - Yoruba Proverb
"One cannot remove the head from the load and still carry it." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who has never traveled thinks his mother is the best cook." - Yoruba Proverb
"The one who fetches firewood infested with ants invites lizards to his home." - Yoruba Proverb
"However far the stream flows, it never forgets its origin." - Yoruba Proverb
"The child of a snake will always be long." - Yoruba Proverb
"When the drumbeat changes, the dance must also change." - Yoruba Proverb
"A single tree cannot make a forest." - Yoruba Proverb
"A masquerade does not perform outside the village." - Yoruba Proverb
"Patience is the father of character." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who ties a goat near a thief has invited trouble." - Yoruba Proverb
"Words are like eggs: once broken, they cannot be put back together." - Yoruba Proverb
"Money can buy the trumpet but not the sound." - Yoruba Proverb
"The one who causes another’s death also digs his own grave." - Yoruba Proverb
"Even if a child has many clothes, he cannot have more rags than an elder." - Yoruba Proverb
"The frog does not run in the daytime for nothing." - Yoruba Proverb
"When a drum beats too loudly, it soon bursts." - Yoruba Proverb
"The dog destined to be lost will not hear the hunter’s whistle." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who knows proverbs reconciles differences." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who climbs a good tree deserves a push." - Yoruba Proverb
"The child who washes his hands will dine with elders." - Yoruba Proverb
"A fly that does not heed advice follows the corpse to the grave." - Yoruba Proverb
"No matter how hot your anger, it cannot cook yam." - Yoruba Proverb
"The eye cannot carry the load that the head should bear." - Yoruba Proverb
"If the fire is not hot enough, the yam will not be cooked." - Yoruba Proverb
"Silence is also speech." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who is rejected by the horse will ride the donkey." - Yoruba Proverb
"The okra plant does not grow taller than its planter." - Yoruba Proverb
"When the head is rotten, the whole body suffers." - Yoruba Proverb
"The child who refuses correction will sell the house his father built." - Yoruba Proverb
"However long the night, the day will break." - Yoruba Proverb
"The one who eats alone cannot discuss with others." - Yoruba Proverb
"An old drum never lacks rhythm." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person with no knowledge of proverbs is like a field with no seeds." - Yoruba Proverb
"A tree cannot make a fence." - Yoruba Proverb
"When the needle falls into water, it knows who its owner is." - Yoruba Proverb
"One finger cannot lift a load." - Yoruba Proverb
"When rain falls on the leopard, its spots remain." - Yoruba Proverb
"The snake that does not show its teeth dies young." - Yoruba Proverb
"The one who fetches water does not forget the source." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who spits in the sky will have it fall on his face." - Yoruba Proverb
"Friendship is like a groundnut: it must be cracked to be enjoyed." - Yoruba Proverb
"The load that is too heavy for one person becomes lighter when two carry it." - Yoruba Proverb
"When the left hand washes the right, both become clean." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who has honey in his mouth does not spit it out." - Yoruba Proverb
"Anger against one’s neighbor destroys the fence." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person cannot sit on two chairs at the same time." - Yoruba Proverb
"A child who fears the father’s cane will not fear hunger." - Yoruba Proverb
"The one who refuses to sow does not expect to reap." - Yoruba Proverb
"The one who holds the pestle must be careful not to pound his own foot." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who does not know the way borrows the legs of another." - Yoruba Proverb
"The goat that eats yam will meet the yam owner at the market." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who cannot dance says the drum is not good." - Yoruba Proverb
"The stone that is cast into the market hits someone." - Yoruba Proverb
"The tongue and the teeth may quarrel, but they remain together." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who climbs palm trees must expect scratches." - Yoruba Proverb
"Knowledge is like a garden: if it is not cultivated, it cannot be harvested." - Yoruba Proverb
"One who throws stones in the market forgets his own relatives are there." - Yoruba Proverb
"The hen with chicks does not swallow the worm whole." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who plants cocoyam does not fear goats." - Yoruba Proverb
"Time destroys the stone that lies in the river." - Yoruba Proverb
"The person who throws mud loses ground." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who wakes up early finds palm oil." - Yoruba Proverb
"A lamp does not shine on itself." - Yoruba Proverb
"Patience can cook a stone." - Yoruba Proverb
"The child that says his mother will not sleep, he too will not sleep." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who builds a house without a foundation builds for the wind." - Yoruba Proverb
"The person who carries another also carries himself." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who wants to eat honey must brave the bees." - Yoruba Proverb
"When the roots of a tree are deep, the wind cannot uproot it." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who forgets yesterday cannot plan for tomorrow." - Yoruba Proverb
"The one who despises small rice does not eat big rice." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who eats kola nut eats bitterness with sweetness." - Yoruba Proverb
"A river does not flow through a forest without bringing down trees." - Yoruba Proverb
"A bird does not forget the tree where it builds its nest." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who has no shame cannot be corrected." - Yoruba Proverb
"A good name is better than riches." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who knows where rain began to beat him knows where he dried his body." - Yoruba Proverb
"The firewood gathered by children makes the elder laugh." - Yoruba Proverb
"The drum of war is beaten by the elders, but it is the young who dance." - Yoruba Proverb
"The person who looks after the farm reaps its harvest." - Yoruba Proverb
"Nobody throws stones at a fruitless tree." - Yoruba Proverb
"The child who respects elders grows old in peace." - Yoruba Proverb
"When two elephants fight, it is the grass that suffers." - Yoruba Proverb
"The mouth that eats kola nut must crack it." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who plants pumpkin does not harvest yam." - Yoruba Proverb
"The eye cannot see its own eyelashes." - Yoruba Proverb
"The lizard that jumps from a high tree says it will praise itself if nobody does." - Yoruba Proverb
"An elder does not sit at home and watch a goat deliver in the tether." - Yoruba Proverb
"The one who holds the rope shares the load with the goat." - Yoruba Proverb
"The drum that is beaten with one hand makes a small sound." - Yoruba Proverb
"A person who wants rain must also accept mud." - Yoruba Proverb
